Rewrite the async api documentation (#6936)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/async_api.rst

Async API (Experimental)
========================

Since Python 3.5, it is possible to write concurrent code using the
``async/await`` `syntax <https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio.html>`__.

> This document describes Ray's support for asyncio, which enables integration

Reviewer: https://mkaz.blog/misc/notes-on-technical-writing/

with popular async frameworks (e.g., aiohttp, aioredis, etc.) for highly

> concurrent workload.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
concurrent workloads.
```

> concurrent workloads.

Reviewer: can you provide a quickstart

Reviewer: if the below is a quick start, please remove the header line

Author: added quickstart

> ObjectID == asyncio.Future

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ObjectIDs as asyncio.Futures
```

> --------------------------

Reviewer: not aligned

> In asyncio context, ObjectIDs can be translated to asyncio.Future. This feature

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ObjectIDs can be translated to asyncio.Future. This feature
```

make it possible to ``await`` on ray futures in existing concurrent
applications.

Instead of:

.. code-block:: python

    @ray.remote
    def some_task():
        return 1

    ray.get(some_task.remote())
    ray.wait([some_task.remote()])

you can do:

.. code-block:: python

    @ray.remote
    def some_task():
        return 1

    await some_task.remote()

>     await asyncio.wait([some_task.remote()])

Reviewer: is there some way to indicate this on the `.remote` interface?

Reviewer: ie, in the package reference/docstring?

Author: added to ray.get ray.wait docstring

Please refer to `asyncio doc <https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio-task.html>`__

> for more patterns including timeouts and ``asyncio.gather``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for more `asyncio` patterns including timeouts and ``asyncio.gather``.
```

Async Actor
-----------

> Ray also support concurrent multitasking by executing many actor tasks at once.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ray also supports concurrent multitasking by executing many actor tasks at once.
```

> To do so, you can define an actor with async method:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To do so, you can define an actor with async methods:
```

.. code-block:: python

    import asyncio

    @ray.remote
    class AsyncActor:
        async def run_task(self):
            print("started")
            await asyncio.sleep(1) # Network, I/O task here
            print("ended")

    actor = AsyncActor.remote()

>     # Expect all 50 tasks started at once, after 1 seconds

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # All 50 tasks should start at once. After 1 second they should all finish.
```

    # they should finish at the same time
    ray.get([actor.run_task.remote() for _ in range(50)])

> Under the hood, Ray runs all the method inside a single python event loop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Under the hood, Ray runs all of the methods inside a single python event loop.
```

Please note that running blocking ``ray.get`` or ``ray.wait`` inside async

> actor method is not allowed. ``ray.get`` will block the execution of the event

Reviewer 2: I'm confused - if ``ray.get`` isn't allowed, then why do I care if it will block the event loop? Or are you saying this is why it isn't allowed?

loop.

You can limit the number of concurrent task running at once using the

> ``max_concurrency`` flag. By default, only 1000 tasks can be running at once.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``max_concurrency`` flag. By default, 1000 tasks can be running concurrently.
```

Reviewer 2: Add a warning about what might happen if this is very high?

.. code-block:: python

    import asyncio

    @ray.remote
    class AsyncActor:
        async def run_task(self):
            print("started")
            await asyncio.sleep(1) # Network, I/O task here
            print("ended")

>     actor = AsyncActor.options(max_concurreny=10).remote()

Reviewer 2: Can we also set this without using `.options()`? If not we should probably add it.

>     # Expect only 10 tasks will be running at once.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # Only 10 tasks will be running concurrently. Once 10 finish, the next 10 should run.
```
